c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.Adapters.Virtual.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.WinInet.x32.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.WinInet.x64.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\RuntimeConfig.xml
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\DefaultWindowFactoryConfiguration.xml
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.ActiveX.x32.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.ActiveX.x64.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.Brokers.Windows.x32.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.Brokers.Windows.x64.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\openspan.ini
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.Native.IPC.x32.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.Native.IPC.x64.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.RemoteFunctions.x32.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.RemoteFunctions.x64.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.Scout.x32.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.Scout.x64.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.Security.x32.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.Security.x64.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.SharedMemory.x32.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.SharedMemory.x64.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.Sinon.x32.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.Sinon.x64.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.Translators.InternetExplorer.x32.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.Translators.InternetExplorer.x64.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.Utilities.x32.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.Utilities.x64.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.WER.x32.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.WER.x64.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.x32.sys
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\OpenSpan.x64.sys
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\ForexForecast.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\bin\Debug\ForexForecast.pdb
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\obj\Debug\ImportTypeMap.resources
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\obj\Debug\MessageManifest.resources
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\obj\Debug\WebForexForecast.osproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\obj\Debug\ForexForecast.dll
c:\users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\obj\Debug\ForexForecast.pdb
C:\Users\kaustav.c.dutta\Documents\Pega Robotics Studio\Projects\ForexForecast\ForexForecast\obj\Debug\WebForexForecast.osprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
